913 Buckland Express - between Hartford and Storrs campuses
As many of you may know, there is now a bus route between Hartford and Storrs, that also stop in Manchester at BUckland Hills Mall. This is huge news and now makes it much easier for many of you to travel between these three towns! Here is some (hopefully) helpful information to navigating this bus system and what to do when you successfully arrive at your destination:
Schedules:
You can find bus schedules here. Simply click the schedules button and type in 913 or 903 for the Express Bus Service
Here is an electronic guide. If you allow it to find your current location, it will even provide directions to walk to the bus stop! Please be aware that schedules change during the weekend and the holidays
How to ride:
Instructions on how to ride and how to get on and off the bus can be found here. They also provide help understanding schedules. 
Costs and Tickets:
Before you purchase a ticket, please apply for your free UPass. This pass allows you to ride Connecticut trains and buses for FREE, with no enrollment cost! The Upass is valid for unlimited rides within Connecticut on all local & express buses, CT Fastrak, Shore Line East (train line), and instrastate New Haven line services. You can also order a customized commute plan and get schedules at www.ctrides.com/ 
If for some reason, you do need to purchase a ticket, exact fair is required. Costs are listed here. A one-way fair ranges between $1.75- $5.00, depending on the zone. Please be sure that if you purchase a pass, that it is acceptable for Bus Route 913 and 903.  
 
What to do in Manchester:
There are plenty of things to do in all of these destinations. In Manchester in particular, there are plenty of shops and restuarants within walking distance of Buckland Hiills Mall (where the bus will drop you off). The Buckland Hills Mall is one large building containing dozens of shops and food options inside. Here is a listing of everything inside the Mall.
The bus ride to Manchester takes about 50 minutes. Now get out there, explore, shop, eat, and have fun! 
 
For more information, contact: ISSS at international@uconn.edu
