Dear UConn Hartford Community,
Welcome! 
The last few weeks have been an exhilarating time preparing for the collective start at our beautiful downtown campus. After inaugurating our new facility and celebrating the years of hard work and dedication by the many people that made it possible, I am all the more excited to be here and to be working with an amazing cohort of faculty and staff colleagues to help elevate and sustain this world-class university.
The choice to study and teach at UConn Hartford offers us the unique opportunity to work at a flagship research university while in the setting of a small college. Blocks from the State Capitol and City Hall, UConn Hartford’s dynamic urban environment allows us to immerse ourselves in collaborative activities with many educational, arts, business and government partners. We share our neighborhood campus with the Hartford Public Library and the Wadsworth Atheneum: cultural, intellectual and community spaces that bring the university and city together in exciting and productive ways. 
Integrating research, teaching and community service, our distinguished faculty are engaged in innovative scholarship, analyzing critical issues in urban studies, education, social inequalities, business, public policy and more. Our outstanding staff provide the full range of academic and student support services for our ambitious academic mission.
As a city of immigrants, Hartford bridges the global and the local. In the midst of this global city, our diverse student body will take classes and participate in events that help them become leaders that understand and solve the transnational nature of the challenges and opportunities we face.
It is this rich diversity that makes UConn Hartford such a dynamic place of learning and why we need to recommit ourselves to our core educational values of inclusion and democracy. President Susan Herbst, in her welcome message to the university community, reflected upon the recent events at Charlottesville. At UConn Hartford, we join those efforts and affirm our commitment to building a society free from violence and hatred, a society that belongs to all of us --regardless of race, religion, gender identity, immigration status, nationality, ethnicity, age, social class, sexual identity, or ability-- and which works toward justice. 
I invite you to join our academic year launch event: “Better Together” Welcoming our Campus Community on Wednesday, August 30, 2:00-2:30pm in the Hartford Times Building Atrium. Join us as we begin the year as a campus community, pause to reflect upon the recent events at Charlottesville and work to build our new community.  
This event will be the start of many programs over the course of the coming year to listen, learn and reflect.  We already are taking concrete steps to supporting a more inclusive campus. 
What an honor and privilege it is for me to work with you at this vibrant campus! I know that you will join me in working to accomplish many great things for our students and our community. I will need your help, guidance, and support, and I look forward to meeting with you.  
¡Vámanos!
Mark
Dr. Mark Overmyer-Velázquez
Director

 
