The UConn Stamford garage will close on September 8th, as it is prepared to be demolished before the end of 2017.  In its place, a surface lot to accommodate approximately 300 vehicles will be constructed for Fall 2018. 
For the upcoming academic year, we have secured parking in the Bell Street garage for students, part-time faculty, and part-time staff. The Bell Street garage is located at 28 Bell Street (map).
To access the Bell Street garage, you first need to secure a UConn parking permit, as you normally would by visiting https://web2.uconn.edu/parking/studentparking2/index.php if you are a student, or http://park.uconn.edu/obtainingrenewing-a-permit/ for part-time faculty and staff.
 
Once you have secured a UConn parking permit, you will follow these instructions to receive your access card for the Bell Street garage: 
 
*From Monday, August 28 - Friday, September 1: students, adjunct faculty, and part-time employees should arrive to campus and park in the Bell Street garage, where you must park above the third floor.
 
1.      Go to the Multipurpose Room (Room 108, 1st floor, next to the auditorium) between the hours of 9:00AM and 7:00PM.
2.      There, you will be asked to complete a form that requires you to provide:
a.      Description of your vehicle (Make, Model, Color, and Plate Number)
b.      Name as it appears on that vehicle’s registration
c.      Your driver’s license number
3.      In exchange for your completed form, you will receive authorization to park in the Bell Street garage as long as your UConn parking permit remains valid.
 
Parking Services MUST record the driver’s license numbers and the names of those to whom each vehicle is registered per the terms of the University’s parking lease agreement.  Parking Services must collect this information from its permit parkers before access to either of these facilities can be authorized.  
 
Also note: It will be necessary for UConn faculty, staff and students to display their UConn parking permits when parked in the Bell Street garage.
 
*After Friday, September 1st,  LAZ Parking, the garage operator, will be collecting driver’s license and vehicle registration information and authorizing Bell Street Garage parking on the first floor of that facility.
 
If you have any questions about this process, please contact Parking Services by email sent to parkingservices@uconn.edu.  The Parking Services office is very busy this time of year, which makes email the most efficient and timely means of communication.
Thank you for your time and patience, and we hope you are ready to have a great year
 
