Good afternoon everyone!
It's that time of year again when the Graduate Student Senate will be resuming its regular meetings. The first meeting of the fall semester will take place next Wednesday, September 13th on the Storrs Campus in Chemistry A-203, 7-9 pm. Refreshments will served! For a complete list of meeting times/dates this semester and to learn more about GSS, please visit the GSS website. The meeting agenda, last few meeting minutes of the Spring 2017 semester and executive meeting minutes will be sent out for your review by the end of this Friday, so please stay tuned!

One announcement that the GSS Executive Committee would like to share with you prior to the meeting is that Harshul has resigned from the role of Treasurer due to personal reasons. To ensure that there are no lapse in service on the logistical end of things, we would like to establish a new Treasurer as soon as possible. To this end and in preparation for the upcoming meeting, we would officially like to open the floor for nominations for Treasurer of GSS. Serving on the Executive Committee as Treasurer is undoubtedly one of the more challenging roles; however, it is a rewarding experience that can pave the way for future professional development opportunities. 

If you would like to nominate yourself or someone else, please email GSSCommDir@uconn.edu. If you are nominating someone other than yourself, please be sure to include them in the email. If you are nominated and intend to run for this position, please prepare a short speech for next week's meeting. We hope to include elections as part of the meeting agenda. If you have any further questions, please don't hesitate to contact me. Thank you for your time and attention. We look forward to your nominations and seeing you next week!



Sincerely,
Chau


---
Ngoc Chau Vy
Communications Director, Graduate Student Senate
Ph.D. Candidate, IMS Polymer Program
University of Connecticut
GSSCommDir@uconn.edu
ngoc_chau.vy@uconn.edu

"The highest forms of understanding we can achieve are laughter and human compassion." ~Richard Feynman
